# rap-lyrics-using-ai
This project is based on artificial intelligence
to develop lyric generator using multiple sets of data on using cloud platform. We are developing this generator by referring deep learning technique (RNN method) and using Hidden Markov model to get generate a rap lyrics in all languages with the start word from user on cloud platform.

Lyric generator by referring deep learning technique (RNN method) and using Hidden Markov model to get generate a rap lyrics with the start word from user on cloud platform. Hidden Markov Models (HMMs) are a class of probabilistic graphical model that allow us to predict a sequence of unknown (hidden) variables from a set of observed variables. It may helpful to other music apps, to create pop songs by own and can integrate with other musical apps in future.

# Hidden Markov Model
A hidden Markov model (HMM) is a statistical Markov model in which the system being modeled is assumed to be a Markov process with unobserved (hidden) states. Hidden Markov models are especially known for their application in temporal pattern recognition such as speech, handwriting, gesture recognition, part-of-speech tagging, musical score etc.
In simpler Markov models (like a Markov chain), the state is directly visible to the observer, and therefore the state transition probabilities are the only parameters. In a hidden Markov model, the state is not directly visible, but the output, dependent on the state, is visible. Each state has a probability distribution over the possible output tokens. Therefore, the sequence of tokens generated by an HMM gives some information about the sequence of states. The adjective 'hidden' refers to the state sequence through which the model passes, not to the parameters of the model; the model is still referred to as a 'hidden' Markov model even if these parameters are known exactly.

The idea is to build a model which is trained on a series of song lyrics and then use it to generate further lyrics with some input. For example, the model will take a word from the user and then it will try to generate the lyrics from this line. We suggest that supervised learning technique HMM is better than the recurrent neural networks.

